Just like nested if conditions,
nested loops means we have a loop inside another loop.
Say for example, we have this loop here,
using the loop counter i that starts from
zero and counts as long as i is less than three.
This means, whatever code we write inside this code block
here is going to be repeated exactly three times.
Now, say we place another loop inside here,
using the loop counter j, for example,
that also starts from zero and counts as long as j is less than three,
which means whatever I type inside there would also get repeated three times itself.
So, if we place a statement like this that just prints out this message, "Hi!"
How many times do you think this message would get printed?